Update owners in NuGet Server Implementation Guide & OwnerDetailsUriTemplate resource (#3592)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/api/owner-details-template-resource.md

---
title: Owner Details URL Template, NuGet API
description: The owner details URL template allows clients to display a link to a package owner's profile page in their UI.
author: donnie-msft
ms.author: eagoodso
ms.date: 07/09/2026
ms.topic: reference
ai-usage: ai-generated
---

> # Owner details URL template

Reviewer: consider adding this resource to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/api/implementation-guide

Reviewer 2: Great idea. I added a section there!

> It is possible for a client to build a URL that can be used by the user to see a package owner's profile page in their web browser.

Reviewer: personal preference: I don't find this sentence easy to read.  Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Package feeds that have owner profile pages can inform client tools how to construct the profile URL via this template.
```

This is useful when a package source wants to enable all client experiences (even third-party) to link to the profile page of a specific package owner.

The resource used for building this URL is the `OwnerDetailsUriTemplate` resource found in the
[service index](service-index.md).

## Versioning

The following `@type` values are used:

@type value                      | Notes
-------------------------------- | -----
OwnerDetailsUriTemplate/6.11.0   | The initial release

## URL template

The URL for the following API is the value of the `@id` property associated with one of the aforementioned resource `@type` values.

For example, nuget.org's owner details template looks like this:

```http
https://www.nuget.org/profiles/{owner}
```

## HTTP methods

Although the client is not intended to make requests to the owner details URL on behalf of the user, the web page should support the `GET` method to allow a clicked URL to be easily opened in a web browser.

## Construct the URL

> Given a known owner username, the client implementation can construct a URL used to access a web interface.

Reviewer: What do you think about mentioning that the search and package metadata resources return package owner information?   I feel like "given a known owner username" is a little mysterious 😆

Reviewer 2: I added a note about Search and reworded it. Let me know what you think.

Registration does not provide owner info. There is a note on the docs page that says so:

>Use the [search resource](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/api/search-query-service-resource) to find packages' owners, downloads, or prefix reservation status.

Reviewer 2: I also updated the "Owner field" section and clarified the nuspec `owners` property.

The client implementation should display this constructed URL (or clickable link) to the user allowing them to open a web browser to the URL and to learn more about the owner.

> The contents of the owner details page is determined by the server implementation.

Reviewer 2: I believe either way is acceptable. The other docs pages use "is".
